hi I'm Kirsten cattell communications
manager here at sierra at tahoe resort
Sierra Tahoe Resort is located on
highway 50 we're actually the closest
resort to Sacramento and the Bay Area we
are located on highway to see right at
Echo Summit we are a fabulous resort
especially for families we have
incredible children's programs out of
our wild mountain Children's Center it's
really convenient one-stop shop for
families with kids up to age 12 we have
a state licensed daycare facility as
well we can take care of your kids with
a whole day program or half day program
skiers or snowboarders whatever works
for your family's schedule we do
incorporate freestyle terrain into our
children's lessons so your kids will
learn how to hit rails and boxes if they
are so inclined I'm at a very early age
which will help them progress a lot
faster when they hit the teenage years
behind me you can see the top of Easy
Rider Express which is our beginner lift
we do have tubing and snowshoe trails as
well as an aesthetical learn to ski and
ride program we have a learn to ski ride
guarantee which basically guarantees
that you
skiing and riding from the top of our
Mountain by your fourth lesson for the
fourth lesson is free we have a 2.5 mile
run from the top of the mountain cross
shipping spice that is a beginner run so
even if people in your group or of all
mixed abilities they'll be able to see
and ride on the same chair grandview
Express from the top mountain so nobody
needs to miss out on the spectacular
views of Lake Tahoe and the Tahoe Basin
for intermediate skiers and riders we
groom seventy percent of our trails
nightly we have a daily grooming map
that we produce each morning so you'll
always know exactly what clocking room
the night before there's plenty of
corduroy out there for everyone who
loves to just carve up those corduroy
runs and for expert skiers and riders
not only do we offer some of the
steepest and deepest tree skiing in
Jack's bowl and Avalanche bowl inside
our boundaries but we also have five
backcountry gates that access
huckleberry Canyon which is technically
considered the backcountry but you can
get there from our resort takes a couple
of turns hit some rock shoots drop off
the cornice you know there's cliffs out
there
for it there's a spreadable gladed runs
and tons and tons of just untracked
powder as far as you can see and then
the convenient part of it is you drop
right back into the base of our resort
and you're taking the chair lift back up
so it's backcountry terrain without that
arduous hike that you might be used to
one of the programs that we put into
place this season with families in mind
is the mello yello program mello Yello
visibly designate some of our trails as
slow areas so you can feel comfortable
taking your young children or beginner
skiers and riders on those runs knowing
that everybody on the run is held to a
15 mile per hour speed limit so mellow
yellow zones definitely a good place for
slower skiers and riders so come on up
to see our resort we'd love to see you
and your family on the slopes let us
know if there's anything we can do to
make your stay more enjoyable
you